adding link to policy details (#1047)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend.md

- The [Astro CLI](cli/get-started.md).
- An [Astro project](create-project.md).
- Access to AWS SSM Parameter Store.

> - An [IAM policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-access.html) allowing access to parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [IAM policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/sysman-paramstore-access.html) with permission to access parameters.
```
